[W-21231057] Update redirected links in docs-accelerators (#170)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: healthcare/2.18/modules/ROOT/pages/sfdc-health-cloud-setup-guide.adoc

* From Setup, enter Custom Settings in the Quick Find box, then select Custom Settings.
* In the list of custom settings, click Manage next to the Use Person Accounts custom settings.
* Click *Edit* next to Use Person Account.

> * Select Enable. After person accounts are enabled, assign them to profiles. Please refer to the attached https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?language=en_US&id=sf.admin_person_account_overview.htm[document^] for the detailed explanation of representing patients in Health Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select Enable. After person accounts are enabled, assign them to profiles. See https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?language=en_US&id=sf.admin_person_account_overview.htm[Set Up Person Accounts to Represent Health Cloud Members and Patients^] for the detailed explanation of representing patients in Health Cloud.
```
